okay so on the first page I did the
buckles and three different buckles that
I had I did too with ribbon and one with
some fabric that I had made you could
really do all three with ribbons she
loves the buckles was probably her
favorite with this shoe that I've not
really created sewing the ribbon on but
that she can learn to tie her shoe those
were both ideas that i got from the
other ladies this was her little pocket
book which i have a little kaleidoscope
and i have the little light just some
trinkets that I had kind of picked up
and then I actually cut her some credit
cards out of some cereal boxes so she
loves mine and my pocketbook and so I
thought that it would be nice to have
some things may be that it would be
similar and then on here i have the
snaps and the zippers here i sewed the
back to it and then at the top here i
sewed both so that that way you had this
it's still attached but she can go
through and snap those then here i have
i put this on here which i have the lock
in the key like the other ones i could
not find something that would attach i
couldn't find a lock that would attach
better but i'd used elastic because i
feel like i could really get that really
tight and an able for her to move so she
does really like this one and this
latches on to you know that what would
be an extra Heather hanging around and I
did the shapes with the velcro on the
back is so tall that on and i sold
around the edges and then I did the
numbers i just bought a couple novelty
packs of buttons and i had a few of my
own but as you see down here towards the
bottom i started to get a run-out so
they're pretty plain but you know still
can be counted this is the mailbox i'm
gonna put a pad of paper in here and
then give her a pin or crayon which and
then this opens up and she can put her
mail in i used where my scrapbooking
Brad's and flared it out in the back and
you can
move the moves a little flag up and down
when there's mail in there